Fix for encoders and support ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE on Planck rev7 (#23967)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/planck/rev7/readme.md

`-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------'
```

> Planck rev7 support `ENCODER_ENABLE` and `ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE`. If both ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE and ENCODER_ENABLE are defined, ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE takes precedence. On the default keymap, each encoder will play its own rising/falling tone sequence when rotated, and will reset the pitch after one second of inactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Planck rev7 supports `ENCODER_ENABLE` and `ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE`. If both `ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE` and `ENCODER_ENABLE` are defined, `ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE` takes precedence. On the default keymap, each encoder will play its own rising/falling tone sequence when rotated, and will reset the pitch after one second of inactivity.
```

### With ENCODER_ENABLE

Define it as follows in `rules.mk`:

```
ENCODER_ENABLE = yes
```

Zero-indexed (compared to being one-indexed on the PCB's silkscreen) in the `encoder_update_user(uint8_t index, bool clockwise)` function.

### With ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE

Define it as follows in `rules.mk`:

> ```
> ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE = yes
> ```

Reviewer: Need both, IIRC.
````suggestion
```
ENCODER_ENABLE = yes
ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE = yes
```
````

> If you enable `ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE`, defined `const uint16_t PROGMEM encoder_map[][NUM_ENCODERS][NUM_DIRECTIONS]` and configure your keycode. And, If you enable `ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE`, does not use `encoder_update_user` directly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable `ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE`, define `const uint16_t PROGMEM encoder_map[][NUM_ENCODERS][NUM_DIRECTIONS]` and configure your keycodes. If you enable `ENCODER_MAP_ENABLE`, `encoder_update_user` is not used directly. 
```

> Absolutely, You can use the following config.h options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can use the following `config.h` options:
```
